detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a mystery romance film called
chloe spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
chloe is an escort who's well versed in
the art of wrapping man around her
fingers
in her line of work chloe believes that
knowing what words to say and when to
say them is just as important as being
able to do the job itself
for her understanding what a man wants
is part of her job
from her office window gynecologist
catherine stewart watches as a man takes
a younger
beautiful blonde woman inside a cab her
receptionist calls her
informing her that her last appointment
is ready in a college
catherine's husband david works as a
professor
while in class one of his students asks
if she can take him to dinner
david politely refuses saying that he
needs to catch a flight home since it's
his birthday
at the stuart residence catherine is
throwing a party for david and she
entertains the guests while they wait
for the celebrant
their son michael comes home with a girl
he heads upstairs to his room
ignoring catherine's invitation for him
to join them while catherine's talking
to one of her colleagues
her phone rings david informs her that
he'll be late since he missed his flight
by a few minutes
disappointed catherine asks him what
time he'll be home
and as david's telling her that his next
flight home is in two hours
the girl from his class approaches him
he apologizes to her
but catherine hides her frustration in
favor of telling david that they'll wait
for him
after the party catherine sees that the
girl michael brought home is still there
and when she tries telling her son that
the girl needs to leave michael slams
the door on her face
defeated catherine just lets him be the
following morning
catherine wakes up to the sound of a
razor and sees david shaving in the
bathroom
david apologizes again and when
catherine says she should have told him
about the party
david agrees catherine then tells david
that his presents are in her office
but he informs her that he'll be late
again for dinner due to a school meeting
then leaves
later on michael's guest walks around
the house in her underwear
all for catherine to see when michael
comes out of his room
catherine tries telling her son that
what they're doing is not okay
michael however claims that his dad
knows that the girl was staying in their
house for the night
this takes catherine by surprise and she
asks him why nobody's told her about the
girl
and he corrects her saying that her name
is anna when asked if they're using
protection
anna replies assuring catherine that
they do before turning away
catherine reminds them that this is not
going to happen every night
while at home catherine hears david's
phone chime when she turns it on
catherine sees a message from a girl
named miranda thanking him for the
previous night with her picture together
attached
later that night catherine and david
meet catherine's colleague
frank at a restaurant a waitress then
comes to take their order
and david asks her what she can
recommend for drinks as the waitress
tells them to get the maybach vineyard
catherine suddenly feels uncomfortable
she asks frank where the bathroom is
then excuses herself from the table in
the bathroom
catherine lets her hair down before
getting in one of the stalls
while catherine does her business she
hears a woman crying
she asks the woman if she's okay and the
woman tells her she's fine
catherine then asks her if she can do
anything and when the woman tells her
that there's no toilet paper in her
stall
catherine gives her some outside the
stalls the woman
chloe thanks catherine she takes out a
hair pin and tells catherine that she
dropped it but catherine says it's not
hers
chloe insists on giving it to catherine
saying she wants her to have it
but catherine refuses and tells chloe
that she needs to get back to her
husband
catherine returns to their table and
while she's looking around
she sees chloe with her date on their
drive home
catherine asks her husband if he finds
the waitress sexy but david teases her
saying that he's just being friendly
catherine then asks david if he
intentionally missed his flight
but david replies that it doesn't matter
whether he missed it intentionally or by
mistake
finally she asks him if he went out for
a drink and david lies
saying that he didn't one day catherine
sees chloe go to a high-class bar from
her office window
in the evening catherine goes to that
same bar to wait for the woman
when she's about to get a drink chloe
sits beside catherine and asks her to
buy her a drink
catherine asks what she wants and chloe
tells her that she'll have whatever
catherine is having
chloe tells catherine that she doesn't
usually meet with women and catherine
straightforwardly tells her that david
would like her
teasing her chloe asks if catherine
chooses her husband's woman for him
to which she says no after getting
chloe's name
catherine gets down to business and
admits that she thinks david is cheating
on her and that she wants to find out if
he is
this is where chloe comes in she
instructs her to present herself to
david and see what he'll do
catherine describes david when chloe
asked what he looks like
then adds that he usually has lunch and
reads his newspaper at cafe diplomatico
to craft a more solid backstory
catherine directs chloe to tell david
that she's a student studying to be an
interpreter
equipped with enough information about
david chloe sets things in motion by
approaching him at the cafe asking him
if she could borrow his sugar
after her encounter with david chloe
meets catherine next and describes to
her how things went
she says she saw david at the cafe
reading his newspaper and that he
pretended to read as she borrowed his
sugar
he then approached her to ask if she was
a student and she replied that she was
studying japanese
according to chloe david asked her to
say something in japanese which made her
blush
finally david asked for her name then
chloe assures catherine that nothing
happened
still catherine is upset that david
approached her
in an attempt to make her feel better
chloe reports that david barely flirted
with her and that he was just being
friendly
when catherine just silently stares at
her chloe admits that david is cute
catherine scoffs then she asks chloe how
she does it
shrugging chloe explains that she tries
to find something to love in all her
clients
even if it's just a small thing with
that catherine takes out an envelope and
gives it to chloe
saying that the money is inside and she
wants to do this one more time
however catherine makes it clear that
the next time they do it will be the
last
at home catherine finds david on his
computer laughing and chatting with
someone
she goes upstairs to michael's bedroom
where she hears him talking to anna
catherine peeks through his door but
anna sees her and michael slams his door
shot
catherine then speaks with david to ask
who he's chatting with and david tells
her it's one of his students and that
they're already done
abruptly changing the subject catherine
informs david that michael is being
dumped
but david assures her that their son is
going to be okay adding that he's in
therapy
in a moment of frustration catherine
says that she doesn't know how to be
michael's mother anymore
then she questions david about anna
sleeping over and a guilty looking david
only tells her that shirley
she must remember what doing that was
like he asks catherine to drink with him
then thanks her for the party suddenly
david feels a bit melancholic and he
asks his wife when they stopped picking
up each other from the airport and
waiting for each other at the gate
catherine says she doesn't know david
tells her that he's trying to recall
when it happened
and catherine laments about how busy
they both got she tries to kiss him
but david turns away to take a swig of
his drink instead
he claims to have forgotten that he
still has papers to attend to and his
wife
pretending to be okay encourages him to
get to work before leaving him
one morning chloe texts catherine and
asked to meet her at rivally
there catherine apologizes to chloe
saying that she was just feeling a
little insecure lately and that they
should just forget what happened
however chloe tells her that it's too
late since she's already seen david
when catherine asks her where she saw
him chloe replies that she was at the
cafe he for quince and she approached
him as catherine asked her before going
to lunch the two continue their
conversation in a coffee shop where
chloe describes to catherine what they
did
chloe says that they bought sandwiches
then she asked him about his teaching
she says david started talking about his
music and just stared at her
that's when david asked if he could kiss
her this immediately upsets catherine
and she asserts that she didn't ask
chloe to do that but chloe is quick to
add that david said he couldn't kiss her
because he's married
chloe then says that david asked her if
there's somewhere he could kiss her
where no one would see them
and as catherine listens in tears chloe
says she told david to go to allen
gardens
a greenhouse seeing catherine's face
chloe asks her if she wants her to stop
but catherine tells her to continue
chloe obliges mentioning that there was
no one in the greenhouse
and after finding the perfect spot david
brought his mouth to her lips
catherine stops chloe from talking
saying she was just supposed to meet up
with david
see what he did and report back to her
confused
chloe says she doesn't know what
catherine wants but catherine tells her
that she made a mistake and that she
shouldn't have involved her
catherine then leaves while chloe is
left even more confused
as catherine starts to drive she
accidentally bumps into the car in front
of her
she apologizes to the driver and just in
time she sees chloe leaving on her
bicycle
however chloe doesn't even reach that
far when her bicycle suddenly slips
catherine helps her and treats her
scrape knee and chloe apologizes
chloe returns to her story about david
describing in detail what she did to him
she tells catherine that she moved her
hand inside his pants and that she kept
moving it before biting his tongue
making david finish on her hand
catherine urges her to continue her
story
and chloe says that david had to go to
work so he walked away
after some consideration catherine wants
chloe to take some tests to show that
she's clean
and chloe has no problem agreeing to
this as catherine drives home
she imagines chloe being intimate with
her husband after a long day
catherine takes a shower and goes to bed
with david not knowing that he's still
awake
the following day chloe takes her test
results to catherine's office
and as she waits for catherine michael
arrives to pick up his tuxedo learning
that he's catherine's son
chloe introduces herself to michael and
flirts with him
after her appointment with one of her
patients catherine takes chloe's results
from her
and chloe reminds her about something
that's supposed to happen that day
later on catherine meets her friends and
as they talk
she can't help but think about david she
then receives a text from chloe
telling her to go to a certain hotel
room in there catherine finds the used
bed
and in the bathroom chloe walks naked
after putting on a robe
chloe once again describes to catherine
how she and david checked into the hotel
chloe explicitly tells her how they made
love and while she does
she asked catherine if her story is
turning her on when catherine doesn't
answer
chloe continues talking catherine starts
to get upset
but she sets aside her feelings and
gives chloe her pay
the two of them leave the room together
and as they wait for the elevator
catherine notices the smell of chloe's
lotion so chloe puts some on katherine's
hand
feeling sad catherine tells chloe how
her relationship with david used to be
she starts getting overwhelmed and sits
on the couch and as she cries
chloe suddenly kisses her this shocks
catherine
who immediately breaks the kiss and
leaves after watching michael's piano
recital
david kisses catherine's hand and
notices that she's wearing perfume
she corrects him saying that it's lotion
and when david turns away to talk to
someone
catherine can't help but feel troubled
she abruptly leaves michael's after
party to find chloe
and they check into a hotel together in
there catherine undresses chloe and asks
her to describe how david likes to touch
her
chloe shows her how by kissing her
shoulders and it isn't long before the
two women start making love
with chloe taking the lead and
dominating catherine
later that night catherine shares a cab
with chloe to go home and once they
reach her residence
catherine forbids chloe from seeing
david again before catherine leaves
chloe gives her a hairpin
saying it used to be her mother's
catherine takes it and as she is about
to go
chloe asks if she wants to see her again
but catherine could only tell her that
she doesn't know
with catherine being home later than
usual david quickly interrogates her
he demands to know if she's having an
affair if she's in love
and catherine asks if it makes a
difference david tells her that it does
she asks him if he's in love and david
gets mad for being the new subject of
interrogation when catherine was the one
who was gone the whole night and not him
they start arguing with catherine
calling david discreet with his women
but he retorts that he just appreciates
other women's beauty and that it doesn't
mean he's fooling around
now shouting catherine brings up how she
notices him flirting with every woman he
meets
but david insists that he's not having
an affair their argument is suddenly
interrupted by michael but as they order
him to go back to his room
he angrily tells them how much he can't
wait to get out of their house
the following morning catherine gets
late for work and when she opens her
email
she receives a picture from chloe that
shows the two of them sleeping together
catherine immediately calls her and
chloe says she's in her waiting room
catherine turns around and sure enough
chloe is standing there with a bouquet
the two of them sit and catherine
apologizes to chloe as she tells her
that they need to stop whatever's
happening between them
when chloe says she doesn't want it to
be over catherine offers her money
but chloe says it isn't about that
though chloe starts crying
catherine is determined to end things
between them so she asks chloe to leave
unbeknownst to catherine chloe visits
michael at his ice hockey practice
afterward and flirts with him once more
later on catherine receives a text from
chloe saying that she already left david
she then calls chloe and asked to meet
her at cafe diplomatico
without telling her catherine also
invites david along
at the cafe david arrives before chloe
and he demands catherine to tell him
what's going on
catherine then says that she wants them
to be truthful to each other before
asking david if there's something he'd
like to tell her
finally david admits that he didn't
actually miss his flight by mistake
he just didn't want to have a birthday
party so he stayed with his students to
have a drink with them
when catherine brings up miranda david
gets frustrated
and accuses his wife of spying on him
catherine
in turn accuses him of sleeping with
miranda but david denies this
saying that he only flirted with her of
course catherine doesn't believe him
chloe arrives shortly after and
approaches their table
david sees her but he doesn't seem to
recognize the woman he supposedly slept
with
chloe starts turning around to leave and
when david asks catherine who chloe is
catherine realizes that she was just
making up all those stories about her
and david with this
she tells david that chloe is a nobody
david goes
but catherine follows after him to
confess what she did
she admits to hiring khloe to tempt him
because she thought that he was having
an affair
catherine also reveals that chloe lied
about sleeping with david
and she believed everything chloe told
her with her emotions finally spilling
from her
she starts telling david about her
insecurities before admitting that she
slept with chloe
although he's surprised by his wife's
confession david doesn't get mad
instead he kisses catherine meanwhile
chloe goes to catherine's house to hook
up with michael wright in his parents
bedroom
when catherine comes home she finds
michael and chloe sleeping in their bed
as soon as michael wakes up he panics
and asks chloe to leave with him
catherine pushes her son out of their
room to start arguing with chloe
telling her to stay away from michael
angry chloe takes the hairpin she gave
catherine and confesses that she's in
love with her
they continue to argue with chloe
claiming that catherine wouldn't have
gotten david back if it weren't for her
meanwhile michael finds another way to
enter his parents bedroom without
catherine noticing
and when catherine asks chloe what she
wants chloe says she wants catherine to
kiss her
she ends up complying and as the two
kiss catherine catches sight of michael
watching
startled catherine suddenly pushes chloe
away from her and towards the bedroom
window
fortunately chloe manages to hold on to
the frame but she decides to let go of
it
catherine stays in david's arms as the
cops arrive to take chloe's body and get
michael's statement
later on catherine wears chloe's hairpin
to a party
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching